---
tags: post
layout: postpage.njk
title: Session Minus One
---
<div class="dice">

\> Asked: "do they slip away safely?"  
\> **ORACLE**: Exceptional no! + Unexpected Random Event: Attach, Attention.  
\> Rolled on Threads List: Zombies

!! olive notes kilo's gun but kilo tosses it away.

</div>

# Encounter Raw log
Encounter XP 400 (level+0)

<div style="font-size:13px;">

Surprise round

- Kilo smashes through a window into the house, taking 6 (2d6) damage. He charges Zombie C, missing. Without realizing quite what he's doing, he yanks back time and tries again, clawing through the zombie for 9 damage.
- Olive rushes in after Kilo, blasting zombie D with her sawn-off shotgun. for 13 damage.

Round 1
- Kilo tears into Zombie C, bloodying it.
- Two more zombies stumble in from outside the house.
- Zombie D grabs at Olive, but she finds it off with her machete before carefully moving towards Kilo.

Round 2
- Kilo fails to hit Zombie C before pulling the space around Olive and himself closer together with his mind, causing Olive's eyes to widen in shock. Kilo imagines the Zombies A and B choosing to attack him over Olive, shaping the future.
- Sure enough, Zombie B steps forward to attack Kilo, and Kilo dodges.
- Zombie D grabs Kilo from behind, taking a bite for 6 damage.
- Olive shoves the barrel of her shotgun against Zombie D's head, blasting it clean off, dropping the zombie to the ground and causing Kilo's ears to ring.
- Zombie A rushes into Olive, dealing 15 damage in the process.

Round 3
- Kilo imagines himself as strong, punching a good chunk out of Zombie C's chest and shoulder, removing its left arm.
- Zombie B grabs Kilo, scraping him for 9 damage.
- Olive hacks at Zombie A with her machete, then backs up carefully.
-  Zombie C claws Kilo for a grave 16 damage, Kilo unable to dodge due to the grasp of Zombie B.
- Kilo tears himself from the grasp of Zombie A, focuses on imagining his wounds closing for a moment to regain 9 HP, then punches through Zombie C with inhuman strength, causing it to fall to the floor.
- Olive quickly reloads her shotgun and aims a blast at 