---
tags: post
layout: postpage.njk
title: Session Minus One
---

**6:10 PM, North QZ** - Korin, Izzie, and Kilo were headed back to camp after an unsuccessful day of scrounging. The community they lived in had a few crops growing, but not enough to feed everyone, necessitating volunteers to go out into the rest of the quarantine zone to scavenge.

<p class="dialog">
    IZZIE >> That new hole in the wall gives a better view of the sunset, don't you think?<br>
    KILO >> Do you think they managed to get out? <br>
    IZZIE >> The area was swarming with containment officers, so I don't think so.
<p>

Izzie's nostrils flared the way they always did when she was thinking about something. Korin glanced over with a smirk, kicking a stone down the road. The sunset was pretty nice, he thought. Days of rain had been good for the food supply, but not so much on the comfort and beauty. A roof that didn't leak horribly was a commodity in the quarantine zone, as was a floor that wasn't covered in moss and grasses.

<p class="dialog">
    KORIN >> I hope whoever it was got out, and I hope they go on to infect the rest of the world. <br>
    IZZIE >> I hope not; that'd slow down the folks working on the cure for sure. <br>
    KILO >> Are they really working on one? <br>
    IZZIE >> Yes. <br>
    KORIN >> No. <br>
<p>

Izzie looked at Korin disapprovingly, to which he gave his best winning smile. Kilo seemed confused.

<p class="dialog">
    KORIN >> Look Izzie, you know my opinions on this whole deal. If this whole thing wasn't intentional from the outset, it sure is now. <br>
    IZZIE >> So cynical. <br>
    KORIN >> How come they haven't like... reverse engineered Elf DNA and made a vaccine by now? <br>
    IZZIE >> I don't think that's how it works-<br>
    KILO >> Guys, shut up for a second, I hear something.
<p>

They stood outside the tunnel back into the neighborhood, listening to the quiet October wind. Echoing from out of the darkness were unfamiliar voices.

<p class="dialog">
    IZZIE >> I'll take the lead. Stay low and quiet. Better safe than sorry.
<p>

With a nod, they hugged the walls and crouched low. The tunnel was partially collapsed, the rubble providing some visual cover. There were 9 unfamiliar men standing at the opposite end of the tunnel, one operating a handheld radio. They idly chatted about the weather and the hole blown in the top of the east wall. Kilo took the binoculars that hung around his neck and focused them on the man who seemed to command the most presence.

He was dressed in black like all of the men, a patch sewn onto his jacket's shoulder displaying a design of 3 concentric hexes: the symbol of a raider gang from the southern QZ. He was palming a large fire axe, his eyes alert.

Kilo made a hand signal to denote danger, the other two nodding. Izzie shoved aside some clutter, revealing a ventilation shaft large enough to climb in. It would come out right where most of the men were standing, but it didn't worry her: she had Orcish blood in her veins. These petty raiders would be dead or captured within a couple minutes.

Korin took the improvised glaive from his back and got behind some low cover, motioning for Kilo to follow closely. It wasn't much more than a machete on a pole, but he was good with it. He snapped his fingers twice, and black sparks flew from them.

The raiders went silent at the sound, and Korin smiled to Kilo, so wide it was almost a grimace. This would be violent. With a whistle to signal to Izzie, Korin catapulted over the concrete barrier.

# Encounter Raw log
Encounter XP 555 (level+2)

<div style="font-size:13px;">

Initial Positioning

- Izzie in position in front vent.
- Korin in position behind mid cover.
- Kilo in position behind mid cover to support Korin.
- Raider Leader complains of back pain standing towards north exit.
- Raider Lieutenant communicates minor reinforcements from base in 10 minutes.
- Raider Lieutenant B and Grunts A-F mill about.

Surprise Round
- **Korin leaps over his cover, places his Assassins's Shroud on Raider Leader, then unfeelingly cuts down Grunt E in a single blow.**
- Izzie bursts from a vent to attack Grunt F, who safely dodges.
- **Kilo misses his first potshot from his revolver, cursing loudly at the recoil**.

Round 1
- Grunt E backs up, grazing Izzie for 4 damage.
- Grunt D takes a shot at Korin, grazing him for 5 damage, then dashes to group with the other grunts.
- Lieutenant A fires his pistol at Korin, getting a solid hit for 9 damage before ducking into cover.
- The Leader dashes over to Izzie, taking a swing with his axe. Izzie redirects the blow and taunting him.
- Lieutenant B charges Korin with his makeshift club, but Korin dodges.
- **Izzie hacks into Grunt C's side, rendering him useless. She takes another swing at the Leader, but he manages to block it with the handle of his axe.**
- **Korin sets another Shroud on the Leader before bursting into black flames, placing another Shroud on the Leader in the process. He then slashes Lieutenant B, grazing for 5 damage. He finally shifts over to flank the Leader with Izzie.**
- Grunt A takes a shot at Izzie, missing.
- Kilo takes another shot at Lieutenant B and misses. He dives behind cover.
- Grunt B takes a whack at Izzie for 4 damage, causing her to buckle, but only for a second.

Round 2
- Grunt C takes a swing at Izzie, but Izzie catches it with her axe.
- **Grunt D hits Izzie with a solid shot for 6 damage. Korin reacts by shifting to support her.**
- Lieutenant A dashes over towards Kilo, failing to unjam his gun all the while.
- The Leader tries to chop Izzie within all the chaos, but Korin manages to redirect the strike to hit nothing but the concrete.
- Lieutenant B takes a pot shot at Kilo, but fails to hit him behind cover. Frustrated, he hops the rubble and barriers, finding himself behind Kilo.
- **Izzie gnashes her teeth, the adrenaline kicking in to restore 4 HP. She shifts to close the gap between herself and Grunt A.**
- **Korin boosts off of Izzie, almost knocking her over as she moves, using the force to drive his glaive straight through the Leader, vivisecting him in one fell swoop with the force of his shrouds. He turns around, focusing to maintain his shadow flame form. He shifts into the space left in the chaos by Izzie.**
- Grunt A drops his gun to lift his bat, whacking Izzie for 4 damage before backing up. 
- **Kilo dives for the vent, taking a whack to the head for 11 damage before managing to get inside and crawl towards the others.**
- **Grunt B hits Korin for 4 damage with his bat, but Korin fails to feel it because of the flames around him. Korin grabs it afterwards and spreads the shadow flames up the wooden bat, immolating the Grunt, rendering him a screaming wreck.**

Round 3
- **Grunt C hits Korin for 4 damage, causing him to reel for only a moment before the Grunt is fried, rendering him useless.**
- Grunt D runs up to try and get a point blank shot at Izzie, but misses.
- Lieutenant A turns back to the main fight, finally un-jamming his pistol but missing his shot.
- Lieutenant B leaps back over the middle cover, shouting about the "the kid in the fucking vents."
- **Izzie cracks through Grunt D's skull with her Axe, her face staining with blood. She spits and grapples Grunt A, holding him as a human shield.**
- Korin maintains his shadowy flames, locking eyes with Lieutenant B, but failing to manifest the power he intended.
- Grunt A breaks free of Izzie's grab, stumbling forward and gasping for air.
- **Kilo musters all his courage, rattling off two shots from his revolver, only one connecting with Lieutenant A, before ducking back into the vent.**

Round 4
- **Grunt D whacks Izzie in the back of the head, sending her sprawling to the floor before moving to surround Korin.**
- **Lieutenant A catches Korin in the side with his machete, sending Korin to the floor bleeding.**
- **Lieutenant B curses, walking over and firing a shot into Izzie's head, killing her.**
- **Grunt A does the honors for Korin.**
- Kilo scurries through the vent, trying to keep his mind from the shock.
</div>

**6:25 PM** - Kilo ran, feeling the world fall away beneath his feet. He slipped into an abandoned house, the light of the setting sun casting beams of orange through the shattered windows. He found a secluded corner, drawing his knees up to his chest. This wasn't real, was it?

It couldn't be. He had shot people before, but death was something that happened to other people. Not Izzie. She was strong and tough and wicked smart and she was gonna go to law school just as soon as the quarantine was lifted and and and

It had broken him, like a brick through a window.

# Debrief
This session went unexpectedly in a fun way. I wasn't expecting to near-TPK session one, but I guess no healing + high damage/minion-heavy encounter was a recipe for that. I'm looking forward to finding out what happens to Kilo, now that his "family" is dead. I'm graduating him up to a full PC rather than just a companion character (DMG II). 

Combat was also slowed down by the fact that I was logging it blow-for-blow, and I've bolded highlights for readability. In the future I think I'm only going to log highlights, and possibly write up the battles in prose as well.